Add details about differences between app host, and dotnet host (#40032)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/docker/build-container.md

            └── project.nuget.cache
```

> The `dotnet new` command creates a new folder named *App* and generates a "Hello World" console application. Now,, you change directories and navigate into the *App* folder from your terminal session. Use the `dotnet run` command to start the app. The application runs, and prints `Hello World!` below the command:

Reviewer: > Now,,

Typo - extra comma

:::zone-end

The `ENTRYPOINT` instruction sets `dotnet` as the host for the `DotNet.Docker.dll`. However, it's possible to instead define the `ENTRYPOINT` as the app executable itself, relying on the OS as the app host:

```dockerfile
ENTRYPOINT ["./DotNet.Docker"]
```

This causes the app to be executed directly, without `dotnet`, and instead relies on the app host and the underlying OS. There should be no app behavior difference when launching from via app host versus the `dotnet` host for ordinary server apps. Launching via an app host gives you better integration with the underlying OS. For example:

- You'll see the app host name in your process list and not `dotnet`, which could be confusing if there is more than one.

> - You can customize the app host with OS specific features. For more information, see [this discussion about configuring default stack size on Windows](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/96347#issuecomment-1981470713).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can customize the app host with OS specific features. For example, see [this discussion about configuring default stack size on Windows](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/96347#issuecomment-1981470713).
```
The discussion about the stack size is just one example of the customization. It is not a comprehensive discussion of all customizations possible.

> To build the container, from your terminal, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on deploying cross-platform binaries, see [Produce a cross-platform binary](../deploying/#produce-a-cross-platform-binary).

To build the container, from your terminal, run the following command:
```

> To build the container, from your terminal, run the following command:

Reviewer: I think the detailed discussion of the advantages / disadvantages should be moved near https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/deploying/#produce-a-cross-platform-binary and this doc should just link to it.

Author: I can see your point, but maybe I should link to the article you reference here instead. I feel as though it's best to keep this information here, as it directly relates to multiple customer concerns. What do you think about adding a link from this doc to the doc you mentioned?

Reviewer: The detailed discussion of the `dotnet` vs. app host differences is advanced topic, and it would be best to keep it to minimum in this tutorial doc. I believe that it is irrelevant content to 90+% of people going through this tutorial.

Author: Fair enough, I'll update this PR.
